 past performance is not an indicator of the people. If you want to go back to the family business after you do your interview. Sir, I feel the family business is a small point, but the corporate world is a very big or sea. So you said you are good at finance, right? Can you demonstrate how? Kind of criticising the education system or whatever your college follows. What I have experienced is what I'm sharing. Do you consider yourself to be a generalist or a specialist? You have to be equally good in all places. Overall, you were in control. There are a couple of things that you would have to work on, which is especially establishing that link between where you are at this point of time, where you want to go. I should bunker. So can you just tell me something about yourself? Definitely sir. So as you know, my name is Shobhunker. I'm from Mumbai. And I've recently completed my patch-lers, Bachelor's in Management Studies with an IMPROUND 8-NNNC GPA, managing being the chief coordinator of the Fesh, which is like the student body head of the college festival. Previously in my junior college as well, I was the cultural leader. Again, the student body head of the cultural committee. So I've been leading teams at both of my colleges. After that, after my graduation, I'm contributing in my family business, which is a personal asset management for a 40 year old business. And I'm also certified mutual fund distributor. Abdhana and I some certification required for the same. Also, I am a part-time trek-cent tour leader with recursionated, which is like I just love being outdoors, meeting new people, being at new places and if I'm getting paid for it, then what better? So that is all about myself. Interesting. So you said trek, so how did you get interested in this in the first place? Yeah, so it led by my father telling me to overcome my fears. I was very scared of my heights. Like I stay at the fifth floor and everyone, when I looked down, I was scared. So my father was like, I had the same fear and you should get rid of it as soon as possible. So after my nine standard, I went on a trek foot with that purpose. I absolutely loved it. I loved being outdoors. And after that, everything is history. Okay, so what exactly do you do as part of you? I can see your trek leader. Correct, sir. So what is exactly the role of a trek leader? Sir, it starts from getting the group together at the railway station. Probably managing them, solving them all there. Where is the main part? Anything that emergencies arise, I have to manage that. And apart from that, someone of the official stuff like you have to take games, you have to ensure that it is a memorable trip for them. And overall ensuring that they have a very good experience. So anything at everything that happens on the trek, or trip is my responsibility, including all the fun and all the activities. So I have to take that of the whole group. Okay, so it seems that you have pretty passionate about it. Definitely, sir. And there's a family business also. Right. So have you ever thought of maybe choosing between one of these, or do you want to continue to do both? Sir, the trekking part is not my career at all. I feel that it is more like a passion. Everybody has some hobbies. What they do on the weekends. So for me, trekking would be that not at all as a career. I just feel that I'm better in the finance world. Okay. And your current year also working in the family business? Yes, sir. Okay. And do you want to go back to the family business after you do your MBA? I think I'm open to options. I would like to explore the corporate world for sure. And later after four or five years in the corporate world, I might take a decision. Okay. What will help you to take that decision? Because I can see that you already worked in the family business. So you know how it works. Correct. And I'm assuming that it has been there for a very long time. Correct. So what will really change in those five years and two years of MBA? That will help you to make a decision. Correct. Sir, I feel the family business is a small point. But the corporate world is a very big or sea. So I think I will be open to a lot many opportunities. I will be exposed to many new experiences. I will be managing bigger portfolios. And if I feel that that is working out for me. I'm more comfortable in that. Then I think I will go with the corporate world. Because again, this is a smaller field. A very niche field. And in a small town in doom quickly. So I think there's a lot to expand. So I think that will help me if I'm having better responsibilities at the job position. Then nothing better than that. And I can see that you have done some internship as well. Where in your marketing and sales intern. Correct. So how does that fit into this whole finance thing that you are in right now? Sir, actually that was in the pandemic time. I was at my home. It is a distance sort of internship. So I was in my home and I was like, I should try new things. Get my hands on marketing, get my hands on HR as well. I did the HR internship for one month at the same firm. So I was like, why not try these new things? I'm at any ways at my home. I have spent time on my hand. And I feel in these four-metre viewers. It is better to try new things as much as you can. So that's it. Not a deeper thought than that. So do you consider yourself to be a generalist or a specialist or what would you like to be? Yes, sir. I understand the importance of being a specialist in one field. But I feel in the general management field. It is quite a many-year-old time set that it is not needed for us to be expert of when you have to be equally good in all places. So you can be a good manager. Is what I feel. Like you should know a little bit about all the departments just to give you a metaphor, for example. So I feel that being a generalist is not that bad after all. Okay, order. Uh, Giri. So you said you are good at finance, or you can you demonstrate how? Definitely, sir. I think for that, I will consider you as my client. You are coming to my office, probably for some investment for yourself. I would start with asking you basic things like what is your age. How many different doubles like do you have any different doubles? Are you married and all? What are your financial goals? What is the time when you're looking at? If I have these answers from you, which will be great. And then I can suggest you a few things that is why. Okay, so what all things you mentioned is getting to know the client. Okay, so does it fit into finance or does it fit into marketing? Um, sirs. If I get these answers from you, I will give you my financial advice. So if you could just let me know these things about you. Okay, so suppose I am 35 years old. Yeah, married. Correct. Okay. And I'm looking for, say, 15 years investment or I. Correct. So what portfolio should I have? Correct. So it's a 15 years is a very good timeline. And I feel for these goals, you should go on a very aggressive equity oriented funds. We have very good funds, equity oriented, which are like small cap and mid cap. Mid cap and large fund large cap is doing good right now. HDFC mid and large cap fund. They're doing pretty good 80, 89 percent in equity and distributed equally in large cap and mid cap. And along the 15 year timeline, definitely we're going to see growth in this sector. So that will be one part of it. For your smaller goals, I would say that something in FD fixed deposit should also be a good balance. So that you're not putting all your x in one basket and thus for little bit in some other commodities like probably gold. So whenever they advertise mutual fund, there is one sentence written. Correct. Past performance is not an indicator of the future. Definitely. So on what basis do you say that in next 15 years is going to be a common? Correct. So when we invest in mutual funds, especially these funds, the fund managers are doing their best job and they're investing in market leaders. Probably in the next two, three years obviously there are no, nothing is guaranteed. But in the next two, three years there might be some smaller problems. Probably some election effect, probably some war effect. Probably something in the management that is happening and that is the reason why the stock might fall. But in the 15 year horizon, India is going to grow companies are going to grow. And the mutual funds are also growing to go as a result. So 15 years is a sea for horizon to remove all this smaller reasons of failure. And in a long term like a 15 year old horizon, companies are going to grow, going to do good overall. So what is happening in share market uses? Correct. Sir share market is currently at an all-time high, I would say, but an all-time closer to an all-time high. Because share market moves ahead of time. People always project things, people are always hopeful about things and currently with the political stability and everything. We are seeing a good future for India and its companies. So share market is predicting a good future and that is why the prices are higher. It is currently at an expensive rate as we can see. You follow fundamental analysis of technical analysis? Totally fundamental, sir. Completely fundamental analysis. Yes, sir. Okay, so how would you do the valuation of a company? Sir valuation will depend on tangible and intangible both factors. Tangible for the sake is book value primarily. What are the companies holding so much liabilities? Does it have depending on which sector? And if intangible, there is the manager like who is managing the company? The directors, the promoters, the background. Probably what is the market? What is the market? Like what are the competitors? What is the competition landscape? These are the things that I will have to consider. Value in the company from a more intangible sector. Probably there is good will. There is the market value that the companies have. And this is all that I will consider for market valuation. Okay, so suppose I want to invest for next one year. Okay. So with sector I should focus on. Sir one year is a pretty low like a shorter type of and there will be higher risk involved. Fortunately my advice for say would be to invest in more fixed equities. A fixed income, commodities like for example, FDs will be better for a one year boat. Or else if you want to still invest in equity then I would say all the large cap companies probably rely on such GFC. So we can go for a large cap fund. If you have to invest in equity or else I would say PS1 banking funds are going to do to do good which are the debt funds. One year horizon we really do not suggest any equity schemes. Because as I said we don't know whether in the next one year what the situation is going to be like there can be some small issue with my defect in one year. But in a long term five year plus goal those smaller problems will not have any effect. In your introduction you spoke about being a cultural president. So a lot of students do it. There are anything special about it. Sir specialty is in all the aspects I would say because sir we are dealing with the separate individuals here. We are dealing with the separate market here. The sponsors that I dealt with the scale that I dealt with is different for everyone. Probably there are people who have dealt with much larger scale. There are many people have dealt with much lower scale as well. So the type of people have interacted with have led our unique. So we cannot compare. What kind of events were a part of this particular festival? As we had 30 plus events ranging from fine arts like drawing, sketching and all of that. There was the performing arts, dance music, all of that. There were informal events like fashion shows, probably some games which is like scavenger and turn everything. Then there were business related game. Start it up probably some start-up based events all of that. Combination of 30 events. What was your role exactly? Sir initially I started with admin department. First I was the associate first I was a crew member then the associate in the head. Which is like the overall administration we have to bring in the participant from all of the colleges for the first is what our work was. After that I was the leader of all the departments. So I had to ensure that the departments are functioning smoothly. Mentors maintain some coordination between them. Lead all the teams and also represent the student body to the I am management of the college principle. Vice-prince a lot of that. Plus some bigger deals I had to crack on myself. For the title sponsor which was sugar cosmetics. Coated sponsor was SVI, was our banking partner. KTM was there. So all of these brands I was conducting myself the deals. And also some major vendors like the celebrities that we had. The major production which was like five six likes of budget. So that I had to deal. So these major things I would take on myself. So consider that we are potential sponsors for your festival. All right. And how would a particular pitch go like? Sir, man, which industry you are in? Let's take a automobile industry. Perfect. So set KTM. Okay, sir. Sir, first of all KTM is a perfect brand for students of RH. They are looking for the hype they are looking for the aggressive nature that your bikes bring in. And we feel that we can bring in something very creative when you are investing or sponsoring us. We have a team of 2030 roads. We are very innovative with marketing strategies. I think that when you invest in another company's where you're putting just a banner or a TV commercial anything like that, you won't be getting the creativity that we will put in. We can conduct some very interactive sessions wherein we can display your bikes. They can have a ride. We can have some adventure course in our campus. So the most important thing is that people know about us already. KTM is a very popular brand already. We don't really need your college festival to promote our bikes. Correct, sir. It is definitely a well known brand. But as I said, we can do something creative about it. Where in students will love the brand. There is something which is very, you know, I would say subconscious. And these activities really touch the subconscious part. When the students have these brands coming on board, they go go home and be like, I just tried that bike and it was so good. And when they look at for themselves in their college, so then it creates a different impact is what we feel. And that is why you already know your brand, but they will get a hands-on experience. They will have your bikes at the college and that will create a different high-quality together. Let's go back to the trekking thing that you mentioned in the beginning. So in Marasrafo, there are a lot of folks. Yes, sir. And it has been observed that people who go on trekking a lot of times, they damage the sanctity of the place. Definitely so. So by either polluting the place or by let's say drawing something there. Yes, sir. So how do you view the whole situation and what is the solution for this problem? Mm-hmm. I think it goes to a very larger problem of education, per se. Not education, but cultural education, I would say. That will need a lot of backhand work by the community as a whole. And which we already have seen over the past five, 10 years. The community has come up with this as people like us, people who know what the value of these folks are should really take the initiative here. And apart from the government intervention, I feel that the community can make a greater impact by conducting things like awareness around the locality, wherein the community people who live there can take care of such things that these things do not happen. Because they are the ones who are nearest to the location and they can stop these things from happening. By just communicating verbally by the people who are doing this. And I don't think then there is any government intervention, but there is also a little bit help leader from them definitely. Whereas the laws are concerned, there can be stricter law implementation, because there are laws wherein you cannot harm any cultural monument. So the strict most stringent application of these laws is also necessary. Just as a supporting move, but mainly a community awareness is necessary. Okay, so considering your overall background, so where does the India fit in? Correct. Sir, I feel that I have got these inborn skills of people communication of leadership, which I have seen in myself in my college years. But I feel that I can get a professional touch to these skills and make these more useful in the corporate environment in the business world. That is one part. Secondary sir, I feel that I have got the VMS degree. But there was less practical exposure in that. I think I will get more internships, good internships where I am accountable. Plus I feel I will be working on some cases, I will be working on people who are from the different fields of studies. And I think overall that will build my personality a lot than what I have already bit my personality has. There is much more to go ahead and it is master's in business management, Aboriginal, just in the bachelor's. Basically, you are looking for personality enhancement and communication. So why not join some delkarnaghi institute or some public speaking course? No, sir, it is just a part of it. I did not mention the obvious things which are getting to know more technical aspects of a business, getting to know more financial aspects of the business. Those are definitely the registered note mentioned. And also sir, the thing which you can learn in a classroom in full of, you know, it is career oriented finally. So there must be a professional touch with it. Just to interrupt. So you mentioned that you didn't get practical exposure during your graduation programs, kind of criticising the education system or whatever your college follows. Sir, I wouldn't say criticise. It is just what I have experienced is what I am sharing. It might not be the blame. I am not blaming the system here. But I feel that yes, I have experienced that there was less practical exposure. We were just learning from books, but we did not get any practical exposure. At least what my experiences and I feel that there will be much more practical experience in the MBA curriculum. You think. Correct, sir. Finally, I am the candidate sir. So, okay. So now a lot of things that you will study in the first year, is going to be repetition of what you have done in BMS. Correct, because you will be studying the very basics of finance, marketing, HR operations and everything. So do you think really it will be a difference? So what will be your plan? There is a typical in the first semester or first year. Correct, sir. There is definitely my business going on in the background. And a plus or I think MBA classes as I said will have much like in the first year, it says that I am going to be internships. I think I will focus more on that how I can get the best internship on the campus. I think I will have that edge which I have seen that I already know things. I don't think it is a problem. It is a edge that I will have not having over others. And I think I can make the best out of it by focusing on the things that I have still to improve. There are a few things in my bachelor's that I think that I might have black. And I can definitely refine on the same. It is like sort of a revision wherein I can defend whatever I could not do. And plus as I said I can focus on the larger picture goals. Probably I can prepare for the second year from the first year at self. And focus on the place to the world. We will work on the family business also. Paralympic. Definitely that is something I can do. You will get time to do that. Also as I said if I have some edge and in the first year itself, if I have some edge over others. And as you said you asked a case. So if that is the case that if I am not that occupied because I already know things in the first year then I will join and with my family. What was your favourite? Non finance subject. So non finance subject would be I would say corporate communication. Any particular thing that you really like about corporate communication. So I think I am good with my writing skills. So writing skills and I would say vocabulary getting the message to the receiver perfectly. So I think I could draft letters pretty well. You mentioned you have good vocabulary. So can you tell me and connecting it to the heights that you mentioned in the beginning? What is zero height called? Vertigo. Is there any other term for it that ends with the pubia? And is vertical fear of heights in the first year? It is the result of fear of heights like people feel vertical when they are at heights. Sir, I am not able to recall them for them. Anything you want to ask? Last one question from my side. What is your favourite book? Sir, my favourite book would be into thinnet. It is a book on expedition to Everest. As I am into mountain, I think I have read this book. I absolutely loved the story that was around. And it was more towards the learnings of the expedition that was done. Okay. Okay. We can drop up the discussion here. Thank you. Thank you so much. Okay, so your interviews over? I will give you the feedback. How would you think it might? Sir, I feel in just one or two questions. I was a bit off topic and I couldn't directly counter the question that you asked. Okay, so overall you were in control. Mostly. But one thing is about why MBA. That is where you need to work on. Because you are already working with your family business. And it is all about asset management. Yes. And you suggest different investment have been used to your clients and things like that. Correct. So can you connect it with your YMBA goal? In the sense that we suggest certain mutual funds. We're depending on this capital, it and age and things like that of a client. But what exactly happens behind the scene? On what basis is mutual fund managers select the those particular stocks? At the moment what is happening is we just rely on some external reports. Definitely. And pass performance and somehow sort of take a view. Correct. What's likely to happen? Correct. Secondary for Mitha. So can I mean that place? Definitely. Now this is so once you establish that you need to learn something. And you already had a particular place. You already have some background of that through your BMS course. Correct. Then you want to learn it in more detail. Yes. So if you can establish a link between what you want and where you currently are. Yes. And how MBA will help you? Correct. That will be very good. Understood. So you should be able to demonstrate that. Yes. What? But and also go through the syllabus for the MBA goals. Yeah. And because we have from BMS background, you will definitely understand what is being discussed there. Yes. You know? And also see the kind of companies that visit the campus because it should not happen that you say that this is what you want to do. Yeah. And that is the no company visit. That's right. And right. Yeah. And then another point see this small point. You said your business is a small bond. Something. So go do that. Okay. So overall got the idea what you wanted to convey. Yeah. Right. So there is a better way of coming the same thing. In the sense that you got business is was established by your grandfather. Yes. And your father was working on it. Correct. So your grandfather and father have observed you right since you're a child. Yes. Right. And they are sort of protecting. Hmm. And protected. And this kind of environment. Real learning. We're not taking this. Definitely. So I want to be in a situation wherein I'm not getting any such, uh, you know, pampering or any advantage. And I'll be treated at par with everyone else. Yeah. So I want to learn the things. Hard way. Yes. Definitely. Got it. So that's an excellent point that Girish mentioned about small point. I think even I found that at a couple of places you used to have been avoided. For example, saying even in the ATM pitch, I think you said aggressive. Yeah. Even on the college front, you said didn't get enough practical exposure, which in a way criticize is the college. Yes. So I think it's better to stay away from that, uh, using words that might be construed as negative. It's as if you're taking a stand on the bull thing, right? That categorizing you're putting a label on to that. Correct. Uh, otherwise I think you're a solid candidate in terms of your communication. That's an excellent trade to have where you are able to communicate whatever you want to say in a very fluent manner. Uh, so good job on that front. Uh, as Girish mentioned, uh, there are a couple of things that you'll have to work on, which is especially establishing that link between where you are at this point of time, where you want to go. Okay. And how we're always going to bridge that gap and how that journey will impact you. Right. Yes. Um, so that is something that you'll have to work on. Even I think you were, uh, a little strategy in terms of choosing communication as your, uh, favorite non-finance subject. Uh, was it strategically done or it's actually your favorite subject? No, sir. It was, it was, it was a strategy like I was having a, uh, one or two subjects that I, uh, like in my Bachelor's like when I was going through the subjects, I was like first is this obviously it was finance but, um, and the third one was this. Okay. I think it will be a good idea to prepare at least a few non-finance subjects. Yes. Because when you do BMS, of course, there's a whole lot of things that you have covered there. Correct. So somebody can definitely pick up something related to say even marketing or sales or, Yes, or because you've also done HR internship. Yes. Something related to HR. Yes. So going through at least the basic concepts across the different segments that are there within the discipline of management. I think that is something that you can definitely search. Uh, one more point. See, then I was asking the question, you're looking at me. Yeah. And the such as well as the question, you're looking at him. Mm-hmm. Um, so it's. Mm-hmm. Right. Yeah. It should not happen that you're neglecting the other person. Other benefits. Okay. Although you will spend more time looking at the person who is asking the question, but also do justice to the other person. Got it. Got it, sir. Right. So, all the best. Thank you, sir. All the best. Thank you so much. Yeah.